res://Scenes/player and monsters scenes/player.tscn
res://Scenes/Levels/level 1.tscn
res://Scenes/Levels/level 2.tscn
res://Scenes/Levels/level 3.tscn
res://Scenes/Levels/level 4.tscn
res://Scenes/Levels/level 5.tscn
res://Scenes/BOSSES/BOSS1.tscn
res://Scenes/elments Scens/wood.tscn
res://Scenes/elments Scens/metal.tscn
res://Scenes/elments Scens/gold.tscn
res://Scenes/elments Scens/bones.tscn
res://Scenes/elments Scens/blood.tscn
res://Scenes/elments Scens/stone.tscn
res://Scenes/elments Scens/crystal.tscn
res://Scenes/elments Scens/coal.tscn
res://Scenes/elments Scens/rope.tscn
res://Script/wood.gd
res://Script/metal.gd
res://Scenes/elments Scens/gold.gd
res://Scenes/elments Scens/bones.gd
res://Scenes/elments Scens/blood.gd
res://Scenes/elments Scens/stone.gd
res://Scenes/elments Scens/crystal.gd
res://Scenes/elments Scens/coal.gd
res://Scenes/elments Scens/rope.gd
